Register a car accident
There's another colleague.
All you should do.
Not only does he want to be with our people.
When?
The night before the accident, we had known each other for so long.
I can't believe I like that.
It can only be said that those who know the face do not know the heart.
Ning, why did he treat you like that?
I don't know.
Apparently, the last time there was an accident, an ambulance was called to save me.
It was a car accident that was caused by you and Fangming together.
If there's anything wrong with my grandmother, I'll check it out.
He was afraid I would be hunted.
It's called an ambulance.
Then I brought it with me.
Turns out he called an ambulance just to hide the truth.
He hates you so much.
There can't be no reason.
First snow, think about it.
When did he start to have anomalies?
He called me the day you enlisted and told me to fire you.
Turns out he hated me so early.
But clearly before that.
He even took me to the wedding dress shop to see my brother who broke his contract.
Brother broke the contract, you are friends
You saved me.